by RentAnAdviser.com
Youngblood thinks there's
always tomorrow
I miss your touch on nights
when I'm hollow
I know you crossed a bridge
that I can't follow
Since the love that you
left is all that I get
I want you to know that if
I can't be close to you
I settle for the ghost of you
I miss you more than life
(More than life)
And If you can't be next to me
Your memory is ecstasy
I miss you more than life
Youngblood thinks there's
always tomorrow (Woo)
I need more time but time
can't be borrowed
I leave it all behind
if I could follow
Since the love that you
left is all that I get
I want you to know that if
I can't be close to you
I'll settle for the ghost of you
I miss you more than life, yeah
And If you can't be next to me
Your memory is ecstasy
I miss you more than life
More than life
So if I can't get close to you
I settle for the ghost of you
I miss you more than life
And If you can't be next to me
Your memory is ecstasy
I miss you more than life
by RentAnAdviser.com